Tutorial-01:
Develop a login.html and registration.html with bootstrap design.
The login page must have a username and password field.
Registration page must have a name, the username(email), password, re-password, age, birth date, country, state, city, profile picture, note. (Use appropriate HTML form elements)
Also, add the registration link for registration.html in the login.html page.
Apply your design concept with CSS.
The design must be responsive.

Tutorial02
Design a table to display Tutorial-1 Registration Form Data. Also, put Add, Delete and Edit button. Apply jQuery animation on the deletion of the record.
You can add more or less columns also.

Tutorial03
Apply jQuery validation in the form to validate user input of the registration page. For reference go through this video. 

Tutorial04
Create a PHP script to calculate interest from 3 values (P, R, N) entered by the user in the textbox and display the data in next page.

Tutorial05
Create HTML form having select box of 1 to 12 number. On submit form should post data to second PHP file which display respective Month name preselected in select box

Tutorial06
Create a Login & Logout module using state management.
login.php
validateuser.php
registration.php
index.php
logout.php

Tutorial07
Apply “Remember Me” functionality in the login.php page of the previous tutorial using Cookie.

Tutorial08:
Create a PHP script to upload image files in the registration page.

Tutorial09:
Write a PHP script to connect with the Given MySQL databaseView
Explore the MySQL. Refer database exercise from announcements.
Submit the code having the functionality of database connection and connection error management

Tutorial10:
Develop a code to display data from a database shared with you. Use this SQL FileView in a new window
Learn import & export of the SQL file in MySQL database.
Learn different SQL queries to fetch data from the database and display in a tabular way.

Tutorial11:
Develop a code to send the data to another page to save in the database and delete functionality with the database.
Learn insert and delete functionality and manage the URL redirection-related operation.

Tutorial12:
Complex CRUD HTML Structure based on SQL file.
Complex SQL queries. Join queries.
How to use master table to complete insert and edit functionalities.

Tutorial13:
Develop a complete working module with the Insert, Update, Delete & Display functionality for the given database file. Develop a CRUD operation for the given tableView in a new window.
Learn the integration of multiple functionalities in one module.
Code implementation must be in Laravel Framework work.

Tutorial14:
Task -1: Write a query to display the department ID and name and first name of the manager like as follows. 
Task -2: Write a query to get the department name and number of employees in the department.
The expected output is as follows: (Use table employees, departments, Use Inner Join & Group by)

Tutorial15:
Task 1 - Create a CRUD operation for the Member table with profile pic file upload.
Task 2 - Put Login-Logout functionality.
Task 3 - Implement Server Side Validation along with jQuery Validation